Need
====

With the increase in the number of cloud service providers, it has become difficult managing multiple instances spread across different clouds. It would be much easy and convenient if there was a system that would allow the user to manage all their cloud instances together from a single application.

This is the reason why, we have come up with the idea of an application that lets the user access all their cloud instances and manage them.



Application Description:
========================

Our application, Hippo, is a wholesome cloud management system. Hippo, allows the user to register himself and their different cloud provider accounts like rackspace and aws. The user can register multiple public clouds along with multiple accounts from a single cloud(for eg having 3 accounts on aws cloud). The user can view the *status* and *manage* them through a single dashboard that will allow them to view all their server statuses.

The user will have the privilege to **create**, **start**, **stop**, **reboot**, **terminate** and **resize** instances.

The user may also add services like **S3**, **monitoring**, etc.



Future Scope:
=============

The application being in its initial stages, has a vast scope of expansion. We can allow the user to add private clouds as well for management. The user may also add services like **load balancer**, **attaching instances to a load balancer** and setup up an all new server for application environment like **Apache**, **Nginx**, **Passenger**, **Unicorn** and many more. 

An important feature that may be included is security. In future, Hippo will provide **ssh** security wherein the user has full control over access to their Hippo account.

Hippo certainly has the potential to become a full fledged system with a purpose that will satisfy every **DevOps' cloud management** need.   

 
